Add Decentralized Cloud Projects section (#34)
substrate-developer-hub/awesome-substrate: README.md

  bundle that contains Polkadot{JS} libraries.
- [`substrate-staking`](https://github.com/shawntabrizi/substrate-society) - A basic front-end for
  the FRAME Society pallet.

> - [Aleph.im](https://aleph.im) - Scalable, decentralized cloud services for Substrate chains and
>   more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Aleph.im](https://aleph.im) - Scalable, decentralized database, file storage, and computation
  services for Substrate chains and more.
```
